#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= How to use =
The following samples show simple usage scenarios of the iTrace and related tools.

== Command definition ==
The iTrace tool have the following command definition:

<pre>
Trace option setting . . . . . .                 *ON, *OFF`
Program to trace . . . . . . . .                 Name
  Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     *LIBL       Name,*LIBL, *CURLIB
Program Type . . . . . . . . . .   *PGM          *PGM, *SRVPGM
Trace data to save . . . . . . .   *ALL          *ALL, *FLOWCHG          
File to receive output . . . . .   TRACEDATA     Name
  Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     QTEMP       Name, *CURLIB         
File output options  . . . . . .   *ADD          *ADD, *REPLACE          
Contains the case id . . . . . .   TRCDTAA       Name                  
  Library  . . . . . . . . . . .     *CURLIB     Name, *CURLIB         
Trace for batch job  . . . . . .   *OFF          *ON, *OFF               
Submited Job to trace  . . . . .                 Name                  
  User . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 Name                  
  Number . . . . . . . . . . . .                 000000-999999           
</pre>

 * *Trace option setting*: this parameter turn *on* or *off* the trace mode. When the trace is active, the activity of the program gets logged in the outfile. 
 * *Program to trace*: indicates the qualified name of the program to be traced. Every program or service program called by the program indicated in this parameter, is also traced.
 * *Trace data to save*: this parameter can take one of the following values:
   * *'*'ALL*: log every executed line. This mode is particularly useful for test coverage analysis
   * *'*'FLOWCHG*: log only the first line of every subprocedure or program invoked from the program indicated in the *Program to trace* parameter.
 * *File to receive output*: indicates the qualified name of the file that contains the trace data generated by iTrace.
 * *File output options*: this parameter can take one of the following values:
   * *'*'ADD*: keeps all previous data found in the output file
   * *'*'REPLACE*: replaces all previous data found in the output file



== Tracing an interactive program ==
When tracing a program, first you must "turn on" the iTrace tool, executing the following command: